[KYUUBI #5065][FOLLOWUP] Graceful close the process when launch engine timeout (#5097)
apache/kyuubi: docs/deployment/settings.md

| kyuubi.session.engine.spark.progress.update.interval | PT1S                    | Update period of progress bar.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | duration | 1.6.0 |
| kyuubi.session.engine.spark.showProgress             | false                   | When true, show the progress bar in the Spark's engine log.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | boolean  | 1.6.0 |

> | kyuubi.session.engine.startup.destroy.timeout        | PT5S                    | Engine startup process destroy wait time, if the process does not stop after this time, force destroy instead. This configuration only takes effect when `kyuubi.session.engine.startup.waitCompletion=false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                           | duration | 1.7.2 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| kyuubi.session.engine.startup.destroy.timeout        | PT5S                    | Engine startup process destroy wait time, if the process does not stop after this time, force destroy instead. This configuration only takes effect when `kyuubi.session.engine.startup.waitCompletion=false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                           | duration | 1.8.0 |
```
